If you keep hurting her, she will die.
Jilili, you just
are so afraid of her dying?
She has nothing to do with you;
Don't hurt her;
Nothing at all.
Jilili, you went out of your way tonight
to see her;
You're completely obsessed with her;
Tell me; should she die?
No; I'm just worried about her
severe injuries;
I'm afraid she won't make it;
Jilili; tell me
what is it about her you like?
No; listen to me;
Tell me; what exactly
do you like about her?
Actually, after the quarrel with Mrs. Wu at the
conference;
I had no such habit with her anymore;
The reason I helped you and Mrs. Wu
consult a lawyer;
or asked Huo Jiuling for help for Mrs. Wu;
was also because of our past
acquaintance;
Wasn't it Lawyer Lei who
won at the hospital door
just now? It was Lawyer Lei;
Lawyer Lei is your person;
So you learned through her
about Mrs. Wu assaulting someone;
then you sent people to follow Mrs. Wu; to find
her hiding place;
then let Li Qi arrest her.
And then,
you told me you could save Mrs. Wu.
All of this,
was you and Li Qi deceiving me,
toying with me, right?
You already guessed it,
why are you asking me?
Sure enough, I've been completely manipulated
by Huo Jiuling.
He's so scary...
Mrs. Wu became this way,
because of you.
Is that so?